Coding blocks appear one at a time.
Each block connects to the last.
The blocks highlight the capabilities of the app
When I recieve Do Gallery Actions
Create Project Galleries
Add Projects to Gallery
Share Project Galleries
Delete Gallery
All the blocks dissappear
When I recieve Do Group Actions
Create Groups
Create Member Accounts
View Member Projects
Delete Group
All the blocks dissappear
When I receive Do Block Library Actions
Create Library
View Block Libraries
Discover New Libraries
Start Project With Library
Delete Libraries
All the blocks dissappear
When I recieve Do Project Actions
View Project
Organize Projects
Delete Projects